Dear Mr. Simpson,

Thank You Sam for your time today, and legal counsel.  Thank You so much for your guidance.  Obviously, there is a lot more information. E.g. algorithm benchmarks and methodology identification.  But, I hope you get the jest of it.

Innovative Technical Tracking of Jewelry Pieces, (ITTJ).  We can develop new ai software engineered specifically for either purchasing or selling jewelry.  Also, this new software will track down lost or stolen jewelry.  Anyone who lists their piece/pieces of jewelry will be mandated to upload this software into our network’s database.  This new algorithm will provide consumers with price recognition, and location.  Briefly, the database is a massive network of product recognition, and in that database contains extensive information about jewelry stores, pawn shops, thrift stores, wholesalers, manufactures, qualifying gem laboratories, lab created gem laboratories, boutiques, second hand stores​​​​​, auction houses, and individual private sellers who list their jewelry within our network.  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qPGthkcIz_LC4JM_A5i8MBXhhEm-EWNV/view?usp=drivesdkhttps

Phase one would be responsible for engineering a new scientific network/algorithm/methodology, helping develop mass data retention, product valuation, and product data entry.  Think of it like, Kelly Blue Book, but our network entails jewelry, and not car listings.  The softwares scientific algorithm/methodology, and research will be responsible for massive consumer savings, and provide product recommendations based off of the following information.  Our algorithm searches for the following identifying product components.  (ITTJ) Jewelry certification, is it certified or isn’t it, our al supports certified jewelry, appraisal certification, and the importance of getting it appraised, insurance recommendations, how important insurance is, seller credibility, what is their BBB rating, condition, is the item used or brand new, lab created or mineralogy resourced, warranty, how important a warranty is, repair & replace guidelines, return policy, the longevity of the return policy, product history, where did it come from, availability, is it in stock now or does the consumer have to order it, origin, which providence did it come from, how much is the value, using current market prices, how much is it worth, using supply and demand.  Our algorithm/methodology is updated every two weeks on loose diamonds, (rapaport), and every day on precious metals, (kitco).
The research and development of this new algorithm/methodology/software will undoubtedly be the first of it’s kind.  It will create a new foot print, and produce a new business model, which, is engineered specifically for the consumer.

This new development will being responsible for massive market growth for precious metal investors, gem investors, appraisal and insurance companies abroad. This highly innovative network/algorithm/methodology provides the purchaser with Jupe.  Jewelry Unique Purchasing Engine.  This unproven search tool will determine how important the development is in finding product location.  This will help the market with sustainability if any other viruses may occur like Covid 19.  The innovation of this unique development will save the consumer time by providing the closest location of product.  Using innovative software and Jewelry Unique Positioning Engine Satellite (Jupes) this new software is engineered using an (msp) multi sided platform.  

This new software will provide instrumental information based off of certain benchmarks, designed within the al, benefiting the purchaser, so the consumer can compare prices.  Phase one would also, allow us to research thousands of data bases, so we can provide remarkable innovative information/recommendations to the average consumer.  This will have an high impact in price comparison, which, will create major market competition and allow for massive consumer savings.

Phase one will also, allow us to develop Company benchmarks, which, will help develop our unique algorithms Company Operating Procedures, and how they are of the utmost integrity of the als software purpose.  Consider it as a new search query tool.  An extremely scientifically advanced research tool, engineered and developed to be extremely effective and efficient for the average consumer, so they can compare prices.  The research and development of this networks software will be responsible for major market growth, tracking of gross national spending/product control, consumer savings, and massive economic development in business.  We expect major market research, knowledge, growth, and consumer development in this particular market, primarily focused and engineered in the jewelry industry.

Phase one continuation-

More-over, this new network will also support and track all conflict or non conflict free diamonds.  Our software can be highly integrated and extremely innovative, and will track all conflict or non conflict free diamonds from every mine in the world.  This research will be extremely beneficial for keeping track of all incoming Precious and Semi-Precious Gems, and monitoring mine control helping create an ECO friendly atmosphere.  Our network is definitely unique.  The research and development of this software could be extremely beneficial for stabilizing and increasing the fluctuation of current market prices on a very huge scale.  This unproven network’s algorithm could be responsible for price increase or decrease using supply and demand identification.  
https://brightbridgeweb.com

Thanks again Mr. Gibson, and I hope this makes sense.  I know how difficult software can be in trying to understand it.

Sam Simpson Patent Attorney 