ITTJ Company’s Standard Operating Procedure & Benefits 

ITTJ is short for Innovative Technical Tracking Of Jewelry.

The first step in ITTJ.
The consumer must register the product/products in Jewelry Networks Jupe LLC’s database.  

Registration requires the following information.  Merchandise Identification, Serial Number, Extensive Product Information, Unique Markings, Certification Number, Receipt Number, Where They Purchased It From, Purchase Amount, Appraisal Number, Appraisers Information, Insurance Information, Merch Classification, Address, Phone Number, Email.

Once this step has been completed it is now stored internally in our database.

ITTJ is engineered to locate a piece/pieces of lost or stolen jewelry.  

Once the consumer registers their products they will receive a confirmation number.  This confirmation number represents, basically, a birth certificate.  

The consumer purchases a product, and they lose it somewhere, or it was stolen, they will be able to tract it if it’s either listed on the internet, or in our massive network of jewelry stores, Private sellers, pawn shops, second hand stores updated inventory.    Jewelry Network Jupe LLC’s software is engineered using an (msp), multi sided platform, which, means our network is either for purchasing or selling.  The seller will be required to provide extensive product information if they are going to list it on our Jewelry Network Jupe LLC.

They will not be able to list it unless they provide essential consumer proof, product information, and identification.

The entire logic behind ITTJ is to highly encourage consumers to get jewelry article insurance.  

The benefits this will create for both insurance companies, and the consumer is truly innovative/remarkable.  

E.g. Bob Smith purchases a piece of jewelry, and he registered it with Jewelry Network Jupe LLC.  All of sudden Bob Smith lost or someone stole the piece/pieces.  He paid 3 thousand for the watch, and had it insured.  ITTJ has located the piece, because Bob Smo’s jewelers is either in our network, or Bob Smo’s jewelers has listed it for sale on the internet.  Presuming, Mr. Smith lost it Bob Smo’s jewelers purchased it for 500 dollars, but wants 1000 thousand for it.  Great!  Since, Mr. Smith had it insured he calls up his insurance company and tells them he has located his watch, (the watch is very sentimental to him) instead of having to wait for the insurance company to write him a check for 3 thousand, they can either write Bob Smo’s Jewelers a check directly, or Mr. Smith for 1 thousand.  

ITTJ will be solely responsible for massive market growth in the insurance market.


Presuming it was stolen.  The correct law enforcement will be notified, and the article will be black balled from the internet.  The enforcement agency will be able to locate the piece/pieces quite easily considering the seller has to provide product identification, and information.









